she has pure beauty and not personal
I'm going to show you one here today.
of my meals is in case I
I do daily is a meal rich in
quite calm in angry field
I can not recommend it to people who are in
diet for weight loss for
right definition because as I said it is a
caloric feed
in the case the vein four fiscal bananas and
here the condensed milk or unfortunately
I can not now but you will
growing in the scale added that in addition
to get a better balance, be it
More like in the knot of vitamin D
also care for the beauty of the league in life
from 12 to 16 of 1200 talk of thing
especially to see that it is a
carbohydrate and fiber
it also has another advantage in
benefit of apr
it helps in lowering cholesterol
which can not be lacking in the diet of
anyone who is beauty
Guys, let's get a little ugly here.
but what counts is that while the
inside
be it done with twine because I do not
I give a lot of banana of course they get a
little withered
Are you giving it to them to look cool in
video and related areas with four bananas
with oats and condensed milk
worse
four bananas add now open
closed new here I bought yesterday every
an already famous can not miss
see there it ends there
so the staff knows four bananas
the choice to have forgotten and boot either
bananas is a super person so reads the
bible in front the author is not to sell
I'd rather it be if it's you and you can spend
Come on, you can eat the cut ones too.
laser
I know the staff my body that I
I have a biotype and took it as I already had
recorded a video talking about it I
I have a biotype is to promote that person
who has difficulty gaining frizzo is
people have difficulty gaining weight
information to the brave ox and the band
there may be water shortage in the street of barbosas 4
spoons of having enough for him
There are people who gave this whole
meal
I really think the same for me is
enough because you are increased
see you can increase the amount
sure there are two spoons behind
from three steps to four and so on to me now
the main one is the most delicious maybe
consensus that do not consume the
water is very never know everything has to
have condensed milk
send me here
The folks like me said this here.
recommended for the galley that is
definition for the galera who wants to lose
weight so far from god i did not talk to him
they started to eat a lot of bananas with oats
how I'm talking here and if it breaks people
have a hard time gaining weight
Personal beauty, that 's it, I did not have it here
the banana see the drawing of the story
is one of my ways is one of the
I presented my meals here on
my diet pagani pedro ii is
importing more videos there was worth the test